Regarding the master thesis I have some ideas that would like to share with you
and I am also sending you some relevant papers to check. 

It is best to choose one of these ideas, focus a bit the title of the master project, 
and try to have a detailed work in that problem.  Of course, if you finish this work quickly 
and you would like to work on other things as well (for example if you choose single qubit gates 
and you want to extend them to two-qubit gates as well), we can always do it, 
by altering the title of the project thesis later and before thesis presentation.

1. Reinforcement learning control for the fast and robust creation of single qubit quantum gates

In this problem we focus on the fast creation of single qubit gates with very high efficiency and robustness 
by using different ML methods. Relevant papers: papers 1 to 5. We may also compare the results of the ML methods 
with standard quantum control methods, like GRAPE and Krotov where their codes are freely available in Python 
(GRABE is in QuTiP, Krotov was in QuTiP, but now has a better, independent code, and 
you will have no problem implementing. 

2.  Fast and efficient creation of two-qubit quantum gates with reinforcement learning methods

This problem is similar to 1, but we will focus on two-qubit gates: Relevant papers 1, 3, 6 and 7. 
We may also focus on another platform, e.g. two coupled quantum dots or Rydberg atoms, 
which are also excellent platforms for quantum computing and quantum technologies. 
If you like, I can send you relevant papers on those as well.

You may test the methods we have in our paper with Dimitris Koutromanos (at least the ones that had the best performance) 
but also try new methods (either those proposed by Dimitris who continues for a PhD under my supervision and 
has found several new methods that perform quite well in their application in another problem, 
which I believe will also work in this problem) or find methods that you know from you long experience with ML. 

